Docs/add kubernetes usage section (#388)
topfreegames/maestro: docs/Kubernetes.md

Table of Contents
---

- [Kubernetes usage](#kubernetes-usage)
  - [Runtime watcher](#runtime-watcher)
  - [Operation execution worker](#operation-execution-worker)
- [Configuring cluster access](#configuring-cluster-access)
  - [inCluster mode](#using-incluster-mode)
  - [kubeconfig mode](#using-kubeconfig-mode)

## Kubernetes usage
Maestro uses kubernetes for orchestrating game room instances. It uses a unique **namespace** for each scheduler, and a unique **pod** for each game room instance.

We use [client-go](https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go) for communicating with kubernetes. The [Runtime](internal/core/ports/runtime.go) port
is the interface used for managing resources, you can find all of the features we are using for managing k8s resources in it.

The diagram below shows how maestro components interact with kubernetes for managing resources.

> ```mermaid

Reviewer: Unfortunately, this code block won't work with mkdocs as we experienced with operations 😢 

Fortunately, this will 😀 :
```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mermaid/8.14.0/mermaid.min.js"></script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="mermaid">
      flowchart BT
        classDef borderless stroke-width:0px
        classDef darkBlue fill:#00008B, color:#fff
        classDef brightBlue fill:#6082B6, color:#fff
        classDef gray fill:#62524F, color:#fff
        classDef gray2 fill:#4F625B, color:#fff
        subgraph maestroSystem[ ]
            subgraph k8s[ ]
                A3[Kubernetes]
            end
            class k8s,A3 brightBlue
            class A3, borderless
            subgraph WORKER[ ]
                A7[Operation Execution Worker<br/><br/>manage kubernetes resources by creating/deleting/updating pods abnd namespaces]
            end
            class WORKER,A7 brightBlue
            class WORKER,A7 borderless
            WORKER--Create namespace<br/>HTTPS-->k8s
            WORKER--Delete namespace<br/>HTTPS-->k8s
            WORKER--Create pod<br/>HTTPS-->k8s
            WORKER--Delete pod<br/>HTTPS-->k8s
            subgraph RUNTIME_WATCHER[ ]
                A8[Runtime Watcher <br/><br/> watch for change events in managed pods]
            end
            class RUNTIME_WATCHER,A8 brightBlue
            class RUNTIME_WATCHER,A8 borderless
            RUNTIME_WATCHER--List/Watch pods<br/>HTTPS-->k8s
        end
        click A3 "/csymapp/mermaid-c4-model/blob/master/AWAComponent.md" "AWA"
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
```

classDef darkBlue fill:#00008B, color:#fff
classDef brightBlue fill:#6082B6, color:#fff
classDef gray fill:#62524F, color:#fff
classDef gray2 fill:#4F625B, color:#fff

subgraph maestroSystem[ ]
    subgraph k8s[ ]
        A3[Kubernetes]
    end
    class k8s,A3 brightBlue
    class A3, borderless
    
    subgraph WORKER[ ]
        A7[Operation Execution Worker<br/><br/>manage kubernetes resources by creating/deleting/updating pods abnd namespaces]
    end
    class WORKER,A7 brightBlue
    class WORKER,A7 borderless
    WORKER--Create namespace<br/>HTTPS-->k8s
    WORKER--Delete namespace<br/>HTTPS-->k8s
    WORKER--Create pod<br/>HTTPS-->k8s
    WORKER--Delete pod<br/>HTTPS-->k8s
    
    subgraph RUNTIME_WATCHER[ ]
        A8[Runtime Watcher <br/><br/> watch for change events in managed pods]
    end
    class RUNTIME_WATCHER,A8 brightBlue
    class RUNTIME_WATCHER,A8 borderless
    RUNTIME_WATCHER--List/Watch pods<br/>HTTPS-->k8s
    

    
end

click A3 "/csymapp/mermaid-c4-model/blob/master/AWAComponent.md" "AWA"

```

### Runtime watcher
The runtime watcher component maintains a worker process for each scheduler that keeps watching and processing _change

> events_ in pods resources. For doing that, it uses a [pods informer](https://medium.com/codex/explore-client-go-informer-patterns-4415bb5f1fbd),

Reviewer: What do you think about adding an official go pkg doc instead of a medium text? I think it's complicated to make references for a text written by someone we do not know and it's not related to maestro or the official pkg
```suggestion
events_ in pods resources. For doing that, it uses a [pods informer](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/client-go/informers),
```

binding handlers for **add**, **update** and **delete** events for all pods managed by it.

This component is not responsible for updating/creating/deleting
kubernetes resources, all it does is to watch for changes and update its game room instances internal representation using redis.

### Operation execution worker
The worker uses kubernetes for managing pods and namespaces. It executes several [operations](Operations.md) that, alongside other side effects, will need to create, update, and delete namespaces and pods.

One important note regarding how maestro creates pods: each new requested game room instance will be assigned to a pseudo-random port to be used as **HostPort**.

> Maestro uses the scheduler **PortRange** to generate the pseudo-random port. Currently, maestro does not check for HostPort conflict while creating new rooms. The final address

Reviewer: This text: "Currently, maestro does not check for HostPort conflict while creating new rooms."
What do you think about moving it to a new line somehow like this:
> **⚠ Currently, maestro does not check for HostPort conflict while creating new rooms**

I think this might be interesting based on two factors: 
1. It's easier to remove this line when this feature is implemented
2. This information is VERY important for understanding strange behaviors when troubleshooting
